Privacy Policy for S-DRACIN 

Last Updated: February 4, 2026
PaleviDev operates the S-DRACIN mobile application. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, 
and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service.

1. Information Collection and Use
While using our Application, we may collect certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you, especially for the Global Chat feature:

    User Identity: To use the chat feature, we collect your Username, email and Profile Picture URL.
    Chat Data: We collect and store messages sent through the Global Chat to display them to other users in real-time.

2. Global Chat Interaction
Please be aware that any information or content that you voluntarily disclose in the Global Chat becomes available to the public.

    Your username and photo will be visible to all users.
    We do not monitor all chat content, so users are responsible for the information they share.

3. Third-Party Services
We use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you:

    Pusher  : For real-time chat delivery.
    MongoDB : For Database user
    Vercel  : For backend processing.
    Flutter : For frontend layout
    Google Play Services / APKPure: For application distribution and analytics.

4. Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, and the time and date of your use.

5. Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable.

6. Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.

7. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.

8. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at:
    Email: cshelper.sdracin@gmail.com
    Website: https://github.com/MrPalevi/S-DRACIN
